fix/836 Update English version of ios custom-action.md (#853)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/ios/customization/custom-actions/custom-action.md

    }
}
```
{{% alert color="warning" %}}

> Use the `@AutoCodable` annotation for `Action` or `ServerDrivenComponent` properties type (whether they are lists or optional) if your action receives whether a component or action, so that swift can synthesize the `init(from decoder: Decoder)` initializer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `@AutoCodable` annotation for `Action` or `ServerDrivenComponent` properties type (whether they are lists or optional) if your action receives either a component or action, so that swift can synthesize the `init(from decoder: Decoder)` initializer.
```

> In tecnical terms, the `AutoCodable` is a property wrapper that implements the polymorphic serialization and deserialization logic of Beagle's generic types, so we don't need to implement the `init(from decoder: Decoder)`, insofar as now Swift can synthesize it, and considering that all the properties of our widget comply to Codable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In technical terms, the `AutoCodable` is a property wrapper that implements the polymorphic serialization and deserialization logic of Beagle's generic types, so we don't need to implement the `init(from decoder: Decoder)`, as Swift can synthesize it, considering that all the properties of our widget comply to Codable.
```
